Quorum — the Nonprofit Board OS.
Welcome back. In this video, we'll sign in to the portal — and put it on your phone or
computer, so it's always one tap away.
Start at your organization's web address. This page is your board's private front door.
Click the first box, and type your username. It's usually your first name, or your name
with a dot — you'll find it in your welcome email.
Next, click the Password box, and type your password. If you ever forget it, use the
Forgot link on the right — no shame in it.
Leave "Keep me signed in" checked on your own device. Then click the big Sign in button.
And just like that — you're home.
One more nice touch. In the bottom corner of the menu, find Install app — and click it.
Follow the short steps you see. On a phone, it's "Add to Home Screen." The portal
becomes an app icon — no app store needed.
From then on, Quorum opens full screen, straight from your home screen. One tap, and
you're at the board's door.
That's it. Next, let's take a proper look around your Dashboard.